[docs] Update OPENWISP_CONTROLLER_COMMON_NAME_FORMAT docs #526 (#610)
openwisp/openwisp-controller: README.rst

+--------------+------------------------------+

Defines the format of the ``common_name`` attribute of VPN client certificates that are automatically

> created when using VPN templates which have ``auto_cert`` set to ``True``. Mention short ``uuid``.
> If the ``name`` of the device is the ``mac address``, the ``mac address`` part will be omitted to avoid redundancy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created when using VPN templates which have ``auto_cert`` set to ``True``. 
A unique slug generated using `shortuuid <https://github.com/skorokithakis/shortuuid/>`_
is appended to the common name to introduce uniqueness.

**Note:** if the ``name`` and ``mac address`` of the device are equal, the ``name`` of the device will be omitted from the common name to avoid redundancy.
```
